if you want cheap microsoft points in
game codes check out GTA comm links in
the description below hey guys it's
marvin seventh year and today i'm
bringing you another hybrid finally I
haven't done one of these for about two
weeks i think so i do apologize for that
now a lot of people have been asking me
to do different budget i think the most
asked for was of between 150 and 300 k
so i've decided to make a 250k hybrid
let me know what what players you want
in it and what the actual value of the
team you want to be for next episode
which console as well because a lot of
these were to do with xbox so this is
xbox prices but of course ps4 is nearly
double the price but anyway let's go in
to it so it now we've got Hugh galleries
29,000 250 very very slowly keep I'll go
through the team as I usually do in the
highlights by the way if you need in the
channel as well click subscribe because
I do produce daily videos mainly FIFA
sometimes advanced warfare in GTA and
yet anyway the next player is the tongan
and then Cahill is his partner in crime
in defense booth of similar players to
be honest they've got both got good
defense I suppose the tongans got better
physical book they're both quite pc and
they're all their over 6 foot
on there yes they are they are both we
over 6 foot to be honest 6 15-6 or four
so very very strong scent about porn
that I've never used sir I try it I've
used the players individually just not
as a partnership the next player is
going to be one of the most over power
players for the last four years on FIFA
and that's going to be Kyle Walker
hopefully he doesn't get injured again
because I think he's coming back for
from injury for Spears and would be nice
to see him do well obviously to try and
battle cover than Calvin and Nathan
playing Nathaniel Clyne for the England
spot for right back but anyway close
around seven million 7 million 7k on
xbox so yeah 92 piece obviously is known
for being a busy mother so you
know you put him in and then on the
other side we've got a slower player
that is a good at passing out from the
back I thought I'd try and switch this
up a little bit instead of playing PS on
both wings try someone who's
you know cook decent piece but someone
who's pc on the other side to see how it
counteracts in anyway it's late beans
all around great stats there 8.5 k it
does look really really good i've only
use them once i believe this before and
the to Center defensive mins i think i
have got them as centimeters in a minute
so yeah the first one is Luka Modric and
the next one amazing well put them in
sorry about this should have had this
pre-prepared but anyway is a cheer of a
doll now they still get eight or nine
Kim and they they'll get full Kevin
esteem full came for me is nine cam some
people believe it's ten but in all
FIFA's it was 9 so 9 or 10 is full for
me but anyway if you do want to use a
position cord to put them in CDM then by
all means do but they still get eight or
nine Kim even without that even if they
are still sending me so yeah Modric
costs around 37 k as you can see I did
pack him a natural Fidel about 81 81 21
geez man my brain at the minute is
completely up a to apologize be a
fantastic pairing or what looks like a
fantastic pairing upload both as dm's
and the group work really well the next
player is going to be hummus Rodriguez
35k brilliant starts everyone knows who
he is by now completing this big money
move to Real Madrid obviously EDPs indie
dribbling 85 sorry it is shooting 85
dribbling an ad for passing portal
skills really really good car there and
then one of my favorite cards on the
game is got to be poor Papa and he is
going to be playing the kamrul they're
just a machine he's an absolute animal
fantastic let me know if you do want me
to do a player review on this guy
because he's absolutely ridiculous don't
if I have already done a player here if
I have then obviously I've already done
one but i don't think i have 41 k for
him and he's just absolutely incredible
for stuff skills and four-star week for
is another reason why I love him I love
having that forced off deal on the car
now the next players are going to be
Ben's a man who's going to be on that
side and tevez both 85 rated strikers
both very very similar I build a team
around them they've got the same piece
and shooting like for instance Ben's I'm
at 84 84 Tevez 80-66 and physical tennis
does have 10 better but Ben's I must not
too bad and they're both over whilst
Tevez's over 64 what the hell am I on
over but I suppose the physicality at
the physical step on his card does make
up for it and yet it looks like an
absolutely cracking team and i'll tell
you if it is in highlights right so this
team all together is very very solid as
you can see the first opponent was
fairly difficult and it ended Warren
milk I played four games I believe one
of them are true and I didn't put it in
the highlight for the rest were pretty
good I mean the one that I drew I scored
three anyway but I just didn't put them
in the highlight so yeah the partnership
of Tevez and ben's emma is really really
good I wished Evers had four star scale
I assumed he had from Philly previous
play reviews I've completely forgot that
he doesn't put to be honest he's still
insane and dribbling so it doesn't
really matter too much poppin vidharth
fantastic i mean i've sent loads of all
them in previous score builders they are
just the complete midfielders you can
play them anywhere in the middle of the
park and they'll do the job no I got to
see the best a DM for this was mod rich
he was very very good very very accurate
in his tackles and didn't tend to follow
the opposition used to bid what used to
he did wrap his foot around the ball and
around the opposition to get the tackle
so he worked in that CD emerald how miss
Rodriguez very very good karma gets
forward is there's got great positioning
and M awareness around him of when you
get the box etc the defense fairly solid
and think you can use any BPL goalkeeper
you want so if you don't like laurice
then use someone else and by just pot
laurice there just because i like him
he's fairly solid keeper and it makes it
around about 30 to 50 in tool the entire
squad builder but yeah fullbacks work
pretty well i mean beans wasn't the best
i would say Luke Shaw is basically
slightly better because he's got a
little bit more piece beans has got
lethal free kicks though I didn't manage
to score any but the keeper did save a
couple Simmons Tevez does though so if
you do want to use someone pc and then
by all means do i think if you use sure
though he's english so you'll get full
game with gary cailin but you could also
use Filipe Luis or as palak where if you
wanted to yeah hopefully did enjoy and
let me know what would you want next
you